[Python] DDTestLogsHandler SDK for test visibility log correlation (#37367)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/correlate_logs_and_tests/_index.md

If you use the **Datadog Agent** instead of agentless mode, set instead `DD_LOGS_INJECTION=true` in the environment.

#### Out-of-process logs

When a separate process executes code triggered by a test, it needs a `trace_id` and `span_id` from that test trace to correlate its logs. Use `ddtrace.testing.logs.DDTestLogsHandler` (`ddtrace >= 4.11.0`) to ship those log records to the Datadog logs intake, correlated with the originating test trace.

> `DDTestLogsHandler` reads the same environment variables as the pytest plugin to detect the backend (agentless or EVP proxy). It works in any subprocess where those variables are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`DDTestLogsHandler` reads the same environment variables as the pytest plugin to detect the backend (agentless or EVP proxy). It is available in any subprocess where those variables are available.
```

**Agent/EVP proxy mode** (default):

| Variable                  | Description    | Default     |
| ------------------------- | -------------- | ----------- |
| `DD_TRACE_AGENT_URL`      | Full agent URL | -           |
| `DD_TRACE_AGENT_HOSTNAME` | Agent hostname | `localhost` |
| `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT`     | Agent port     | `8126`      |

##### Thread-per-worker

For one thread per test worker, use `ThreadLocalCorrelationFilter` to associate each thread's log records with the correct test trace:

```python
import logging
from ddtrace.testing.logs import DDTestLogsHandler, ThreadLocalCorrelationFilter

with DDTestLogsHandler(service="my-service") as handler:
    correlation = ThreadLocalCorrelationFilter()
    handler.addFilter(correlation)
    logging.getLogger().addHandler(handler)

    while True:
        job = queue.get()  # queue and run_test are provided by your worker framework
        correlation.set_context(trace_id=job.trace_id, span_id=job.span_id)
        run_test(job.item)
```

`DDTestLogsHandler` flushes buffered records automatically when used as a context manager. Call `handler.close()` if you do not use the context manager form.

##### Asyncio workers

> For asyncio-based workers, `ThreadLocalCorrelationFilter` is not suitable because thread-local storage does not propagate across `asyncio.Task` boundaries. Subclass `CorrelationFilter` and use a `contextvars.ContextVar` instead, which the event loop propagates automatically across `await` boundaries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For asyncio-based workers, `ThreadLocalCorrelationFilter` is not compatible with asyncio-based workers because thread-local storage does not propagate across `asyncio.Task` boundaries. Subclass `CorrelationFilter` and use a `contextvars.ContextVar` instead, which the event loop propagates automatically across `await` boundaries:
```
